upwork_worker/notes/Data_Analyst_search_flow.md, before:

# This is te flow after login in.

### step 1: Change the search tab from job to talent.

    - Click the followig button.
         button selector -> body > div:nth-child(3) > div:nth-child(1) > div:nth-child(1) > div:nth-child(1) > div:nth-child(1) > div:nth-child(1) > div:nth-child(1) > div:nth-child(7) > header:nth-child(1) > div:nth-child(1) > div:nth-child(2) > div:nth-child(2) > nav:nth-child(1) > ul:nth-child(1) > li:nth-child(6) > div:nth-child(1) > div:nth-child(2) > form:nth-child(1) > div:nth-child(3) > button:nth-child(1)

    - Then Click the following button:

        Talent Button -> body > div:nth-child(4) > div:nth-child(1) > div:nth-child(7) > header:nth-child(1) > div:nth-child(1) > div:nth-child(2) > div:nth-child(2) > nav:nth-child(1) > ul:nth-child(1) > li:nth-child(5) > div:nth-child(1) > div:nth-child(2) > form:nth-child(1) > div:nth-child(3) > ul:nth-child(2) > li:nth-child(2) > button:nth-child(1)

### Step 2: Input the job I want to search and click enter:

    - Select the input and type data Analyst
        input element -> form[id='navSearchForm-desktop'] input[placeholder='Search']
        button element -> form[id='navSearchForm-desktop'] button[aria-label='Search']

### Step 3: Scroll up to a certain section in page:

### Step 4: Open the earned amount dropdown and select the minimum earned amount value:

    - Click the drop down icon -> button[id='facetCardButton-11'] div[class='air3-icon md'] svg

**WE CAN OPT TO MOVE TO THE FOLLOWING LINK INSTEAD** - [https://www.upwork.com/nx/search/talent/?nbs=1&q=Data%20Analyst&revenue=10000]

[https://www.upwork.com/nx/search/talent/details/~018c04c4b9e1f71737/profile?nbs=1&q=Data%20Analyst&revenue=10000&pageTitle=Profile&_modalInfo=%5B%7B%22navType%22%3A%22slider%22,%22title%22%3A%22Profile%22,%22modalId%22%3A%221733777135588%22%7D%5D]

[https://www.upwork.com/freelancers/~018c04c4b9e1f71737?referrer_url_path=%2Fnx%2Fsearch%2Ftalent%2Fdetails%2F~018c04c4b9e1f71737%2Fprofile]

[https://www.upwork.com/nx/search/talent/details/~019cbddae171c9f5f5/profile?nbs=1&q=Data%20Analyst&revenue=10000&pageTitle=Profile&_modalInfo=%5B%7B%22navType%22%3A%22slider%22,%22title%22%3A%22Profile%22,%22modalId%22%3A%221733778602455%22%7D%5D]

[https://www.upwork.com/nx/search/talent/details/~019cbddae171c9f5f5/profile?nbs=1&q=Data%20Analyst&revenue=10000&pageTitle=Profile&_modalInfo=%5B%7B%22navType%22%3A%22slider%22,%22title%22%3A%22Profile%22,%22modalId%22%3A%221733778602455%22%7D%5D]

Commit message:

click the card element -> First attempt

upwork_worker/notes/Data_Analyst_search_flow.md, after:

### step 1: Get all the job's cards:

    - <div data-v-6ba7fa90="" class="assignments-item assignments-item-hoverable air3-card-section py-0 legacy"><!----> <!----> <div data-v-6ba7fa90=""><div data-v-6ba7fa90="" class="assignments-item-bg py-6x air3-grid-container"><!----> <div data-v-6ba7fa90="" class="mb-6x mb-lg-3x span-12"><h5 data-v-6ba7fa90="" role="presentation" class="align-items-center mb-2x"><a data-v-6ba7fa90="" class="up-n-link cursor-pointer no-underline" tabindex="0">
            Medical Artifical Intellience and Machine Learning Project
          </a> <!----> <!----></h5> <!----> <div data-v-74febd67="" data-v-6ba7fa90="" class="d-flex align-items-center"><div data-v-74febd67="" data-ev-sublocation="!rating" class="air3-rating cfe-rating-small mr-3 air3-rating-sm"><svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" class="air3-rating-hidden-icon"><symbol id="air3-rs" viewBox="0 0 38 38"><path d="M21.28 2.63l3.57 9.6 9.85.55c.49.03.96.2 1.34.52.4.31.68.74.84 1.23.15.49.16 1.02.03 1.51-.14.5-.41.94-.79 1.27l-7.67 6.5 2.57 9.98c.12.5.09 1.03-.08 1.52-.17.49-.47.9-.87 1.21a2.36 2.36 0 01-2.76.06L19 30.95l-8.3 5.59a2.35 2.35 0 01-2.74-.04c-.4-.3-.7-.71-.88-1.2a2.72 2.72 0 01-.1-1.51l2.55-9.95-7.65-6.53a2.58 2.58 0 01-.79-1.27 2.7 2.7 0 01.03-1.51c.16-.49.45-.92.83-1.23.4-.31.86-.5 1.35-.52l9.85-.55 3.57-9.6c.18-.49.5-.9.9-1.19a2.37 2.37 0 012.76 0c.4.3.72.7.9 1.19z"></path></symbol></svg> <div class="air3-rating-foreground" style="width: 69px;"><svg aria-hidden="true"><use xlink:href="#air3-rs"></use></svg><svg aria-hidden="true"><use xlink:href="#air3-rs"></use></svg><svg aria-hidden="true"><use xlink:href="#air3-rs"></use></svg><svg aria-hidden="true"><use xlink:href="#air3-rs"></use></svg><svg aria-hidden="true"><use xlink:href="#air3-rs"></use></svg></div> <div class="air3-rating-background"><svg aria-hidden="true"><use xlink:href="#air3-rs"></use></svg><svg aria-hidden="true"><use xlink:href="#air3-rs"></use></svg><svg aria-hidden="true"><use xlink:href="#air3-rs"></use></svg><svg aria-hidden="true"><use xlink:href="#air3-rs"></use></svg><svg aria-hidden="true"><use xlink:href="#air3-rs"></use></svg> <span class="sr-only">
      Rating is 5 out of 5.
    </span></div> <!----></div> <strong data-v-74febd67="" class="ml-1 text-body-sm">
    5.00

</strong> <div data-v-74febd67="" class="text-vertical-separator mx-2x"></div> <span data-v-74febd67="" class="text-base-sm text-stone"><!----> <span data-v-1a549d04="" messages="[object Object]" class="">
Jul 24, 2024

       -
      <span data-v-1a549d04="">
        Sep 25, 2024
      </span> <!----></span></span> <!----></div> <div data-v-6ba7fa90="" class="mt-6x mt-lg-4x"><div class="feedback"><!----> <span class="air3-truncation mb-0 break text-pre-line text-body"><span tabindex="-1"><span id="air3-truncation-17">"She created a machine learning model to predict Alzheimers Disease and also helped integrate it in to a website. Very good work on this project."</span></span> <span style="display: none;"><button aria-expanded="false" aria-controls="air3-truncation-17" type="button" data-ev-label="truncation_toggle" class="air3-truncation-btn air3-btn-link-secondary"><span>See more</span> <!----></button></span></span> <!----></div> <!----> <!----></div> <!----> <!----> <div data-v-6ba7fa90="" class="air3-grid-container text-light-on-inverse text-base mt-6x"><!----> <!----> <div class="span-4"><strong>
      $480.00
    </strong></div> <div class="span-4"><span><strong>
          $20.00
        </strong><span>
           /hr
        </span></span></div> <!----> <!----></div></div> <!----></div></div> <!----> <!----></div>
